as far as recipes go this one is simple
all you need are two oranges I've used
to navel six eggs 250 grams of caster
sugar 250 grams of almond milk 1
teaspoon of baking powder some extra
castor sugar for dusting before baking
it's an extra icing sugar for dusting
after baking and the bit of margarine or
some butter for greasing your path now
weave in the oranges you might want to
do this the night before or at least a
couple of hours before you actually
start making a dish now all you need to
do is wash your oranges and place them
unpeeled in a pot of boiling water and
leave it boiling for two hours now just
because I don't want my M oranges to
remain bitter
I've actually AM every half an hour I
empty out the water and I've put into
New York so once the two hours is over
and with drain the water and allow the
oranges to cool pre-heat your oven to
190 degrees Celsius break 6 eggs into a
mixing bowl add your caster sugar and
beat or blend them together now I don't
have a mixer so I've actually put in my
two oranges into a blender and blend it
all together so it's a bit of a nice
it's not quite a puree but it's still a
bit thick so once that's done you place
that mix into your mixing bowl Bend it
all together so it's all nice and smooth
now add the cup of almond meal and
baking power and blend it all together
make sure you grease your springform
baking pan and sprinkle the bottom with
a bit of caster sugar all that's left to
do now is pouring in your batter back in
the oven leave it in there for at least
one hour I'd say an hour and a half tops
bring it out and decorate as you like
I don't gotta say as far as gluten-free
goes this is one of the easiest recipes
I've ever made and it's really yummy too
and non fattening